pixel_thief/README.md, before:

# The Pixel Thief
This game is a submission to Brackeys Game Jam 2024.2 created by me (programming) and my wife (art)

The game can be played here: https://onlymind.itch.io/pixel-thief
Note that due to jam's rating period not being over yet, the published version differs a bit with the version here (the game will be updated on Itch when the jam is over).

Code can be found in `scripts` directory.

## Controls

- WASD - move / move item in inventory
- Left click - take item from stash
- Enter - place / pick up item in inventory
- Backspace - return held item to stash
- F - interact
- Escape / P - pause

## Credits

Step sounds - step.wav by _bepis -- https://freesound.org/s/423196/ -- License: Attribution 4.0 (files `423196__bepis_fast_step.wav` and `423196__bepis__step.wav`)

Background music - Cartoon Mischief by Aberrant Realities from Pixabay (`cartoon-mischief-218560.mp3`)

Font - Handjet by Rosetta, David Březina via Google Fonts (`Handjet-VariableFont_ELGR,ELSH,wght.ttf`)

Engine - Godot 4.3

Commit message:

put git plugin in credits

pixel_thief/README.md, after:

# The Pixel Thief
This game is a submission to Brackeys Game Jam 2024.2 created by me (programming) and my wife (art)

The game can be played here: https://onlymind.itch.io/pixel-thief
Note that due to jam's rating period not being over yet, the published version differs a bit with the version here (the game will be updated on Itch when the jam is over).

Code can be found in `scripts` directory.

## Controls

- WASD - move / move item in inventory
- Left click - take item from stash
- Enter - place / pick up item in inventory
- Backspace - return held item to stash
- F - interact
- Escape / P - pause

## Credits

Step sounds - step.wav by _bepis -- https://freesound.org/s/423196/ -- License: Attribution 4.0 (files `423196__bepis_fast_step.wav` and `423196__bepis__step.wav`)

Background music - Cartoon Mischief by Aberrant Realities from Pixabay (`cartoon-mischief-218560.mp3`)

Font - Handjet by Rosetta, David Březina via Google Fonts (`Handjet-VariableFont_ELGR,ELSH,wght.ttf`)

Godot Git plugin - MIT license, can be found here https://github.com/godotengine/godot-git-plugin

Engine - Godot 4.3
